= deployment_notifier

A plugin for Capistrano to send out notification e-mails on deployment.

I'm aware of cap_gun, but that attempts to send the e-mails locally, which is
no good in an environment where we don't have local SMTP servers.

== Usage

Add the following to your Capfile:

  begin
    require 'blankpad/deployment_notifier'
  rescue LoadError
    puts "You need to install the deployment_notifier gem to deploy, so e-mail notifications will go out."
    puts "- gem install gemcutter"
    puts "- gem tumble"
    puts "- gem install deployment_notifier"
    exit 1
  end

  Blankpad::DeploymentNotifier.recipients = %w[recipient@example.org someone_else@example.org]
  Blankpad::DeploymentNotifier.from = "Deployment Notifications <deploy@example.org>"

  after :"deploy:restart", :"deploy:notify"

And that's it. You can test it works by using:

  cap staging deploy:notify

If you'd like to add a message stating why you're deploying to the top of the notification, then deploy like this:

  cap -s message="I just really like seeing those e-mails" staging deploy

== Limitations

While it shouldn't be too hard to extend this, it's currently built to scratch the particular itch I was having.

* Requires sendmail on the server you're deploying to, at /usr/sbin/sendmail
* Assumes you're using capistrano/ext/multistage (because I always am)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Jon Wood. See LICENSE for details.
